add docker compose to simplify setting up proces (#146)
eclipse/kuksa.val: kuksa_apps/node-red/README.md

# Flow for node-red dashboard

This example uses [node-red](https://nodered.org/) but an installation is not required at your machine, as we are using Docker. You can import the json file to receive data from kuksa-val-server. Then you can use the node-red dashboard feature to view data.

## Dependencies
### Node-red extensions
The following node red extensions are used in the example flows:
- [node-red-dashboard](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-dashboard)
- [node-red-contrib-web-worldmap](https://flows.nodered.org/node/node-red-contrib-web-worldmap)

### Installation

> You can use docker to start `node-red` and `kuksa.val` server.

Reviewer: You can use docker to start `node-red` and `kuksa.val` server.
Make sure docker and docker-compose are available in your system (or install it using "apt install docker.io docker-compose").

> After installing [node-red](https://nodered.org/), you can import the json file to receive data from kuksa-val-server. Then you can use the node-red dashboard feature to view data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses [node-red](https://nodered.org/) but an installation is not required at your machine, as we are using Docker. You can import the json file to receive data from kuksa-val-server. Then you can use the node-red dashboard feature to view data.
```
